feat(changelog): kubernetes-removed-kubernetes-122-is-no-longer-supporte 2023-10-26 (#2318)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/october2023/2023-10-26-kubernetes-removed-kubernetes-122-is-no-longer-supporte.mdx

---

> title: Kubernetes 1.22 is no longer supported on our Kubernetes products

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Scaleway Kubernetes products no longer support Kubernetes 1.22
```

status: removed
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #k8s channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2023-10-26
category: containers
product: kubernetes
---

> Clusters using this specific version will be automatically upgraded to 1.23 on October 16th, 2023. Find more details in [our version support policy](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/containers/kubernetes/reference-content/version-support-policy/#scaleway-kubernetes-kapsule-and-kosmos-release-calendar).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clusters using the Kubernetes 1.22 version will be automatically upgraded to the Kubernetes 1.23 version on October 16th, 2023. Find more details in [our version support policy](/containers/kubernetes/reference-content/version-support-policy/#scaleway-kubernetes-kapsule-and-kosmos-release-calendar).
```
